As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I’d like to kick you in the teeth, but why should I improve your looks?
At least there’s one thing good about your body – it’s not as ugly as your face.
Brains aren’t everything. In fact, in your case they’re nothing.
I like you. People say I’ve no taste, but I like you.
Did your parents ever ask you to run away from home?
If I had a face like yours I’d sue my parents.
Any similarity between you and a human is purely coincidental.
Keep talking – someday you’ll say something intelligent.
Don’t you love nature, despite what it did to you?
Don’t think, it might sprain your brain.
Fellows like you don’t grow from trees, they swing from them.
He’s always lost in thought. It’s unfamiliar territory.
Are you always so stupid or is today a special occasion?
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Hi, I’m a human being. What are you?
I don’t know what it is that makes you so stupid but it really works.
I’ve seen people like you but I had to pay admission.
Do you practise being this ugly?
If you're going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's butt and wait.
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
You'll never be the man your mother is.
Someday you'll go far... and I hope you stay there.
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news - they found your head.
You're not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
If you're going to be a smartass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise you're just an ass.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart.
Your face makes onions cry.
Why don't you slip into something a little more comfortable...like a coma.
You look like something I'd draw with my left hand.
You look like a before picture.
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you.
Two wrongs don't make a right. Take your parents, for example.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
You've got a great face for make up.
If you spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
You didn't just fall out of the stupid tree, you were dragged through dumbass forest.
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
You look like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
How many times do I have to flush to get rid of you?
I'd say you're funny, but looks aren't everything.
I bet your brain feels good as new, seeing that you've never used it.
Talking to you is like trying to explain social media to a 70 year old.
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some you have.
I'd engage in mental combat but you seem to be unarmed.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
You're an inspiration for birth control.
I'd ask you to shoot yourself, but you'd probably still miss.
I'd call you a tool, but that would imply you were useful in at least one way.
I'm not trash talking, I'm talking to trash.
Stephen Hawking has better hand-eye coordination than you.
There are about 37 trillion cells working together in your body right now, and you are disappointing every single one of them.
The number 0 was first invented after scientists calculated your chance of doing something useful.
I'm not sure what's wrong with you but I bet it's hard to pronounce.
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
You are more ignored than Terms and Services.
You're the human equivalent of a participation award.
You're living proof that God has a sense of humour.
Whoever told you to just be yourself couldn't have given you worse advice.
You're like an onion. On the outside you're shit, but peel away a layer and underneath is another layer of shit.
A million years of evolution and we get you.
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
Some people get paid to suck, you do it for free.
When I die, I'd like you to lower my coffin, so you can let me down one last time.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
You're so ugly when you walk through a haunted house you come out with a paycheck.
You're a good example of why some animals eat their young.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
Oh my God, look at you. Was anyone else hurt in the accident?
The last time I saw a face like yours I fed it a banana.
If my dog had your face, I would shave his butt and make him walk backwards.
Did your parents keep the placenta and throw away the baby?
I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you never use it.
You're as bright as a black hole, and twice as dense.
If I gave you a penny for your thoughts, I'd get change.
You're about as useless as the ueue in queue
When a thought crosses your mind it's a long, lonely journey.



